hello I'm Scott the founder of the
treehouse sustainable arts and living
project also known as the Seneca tree
house I'm a design builder and a metal
fabricator by trade after our last
economic downturn I began a transition
to a lower impact lifestyle living
sustainably is the way of the future and
I really want to help people a
conversation the seneca tree house is
located in a beautiful Upstate of South
Carolina with many resources the mission
of the tree house is to develop a
sustainable community that also
functions as a learning center geared
towards helping people learn to live
epically and responsibly with the
environment and with each other the tree
house already serves as a learning
center in our community people find
inspiration education and entertainment
while visiting our project some bring
ideas to the table and stumbly with new
ideas to implement on their own projects
we really want to develop the
educational aspects of the tree house to
its greatest potential we have just
purchased a property from our neighbors
that we will turn into a half acre
permaculture plot on which we can grow
food medicine harvest rainwater and
provide three alternative methods of
low-impact housing John Jana check a
good friend of the tree house will help
us with our design
hi my name is Sean Jana Scheck and I'm
the farm manager at Clemson University
student organic farm I'm gonna be
helping out the tree house project with
their permaculture design and it's such
a wonderful opportunity to show the
world how to live in a more harmonious
way with the landscape so it's gonna be
a great project our energy goal is to
eventually reach Net Zero in other words
alternative energy production in
conjunction with energy conservation can
result in zero energy costs to maximize
our impact
we will video document all of our
projects and progress with monthly
updates and a final documentary we're
working with dead horse productions
convolution films and some other friends
in order to capture as much footage as
possible so that we can educate and
inspire others in our community and
around the world we hope that you are as
excited as we are about the opportunity
to positively impact a local global
community every dollar pledged will not
only help us develop a sustainable
community but a hands-on learning center
aimed at reconnecting people with the
process of best stance your pledge is an
investment for a brighter future because
at some point we must all transition to
a more sustainable lifestyle with your
support not only can we do our part but
we can teach others to do theirs thank
you so much
you